This is a wonderful day, I have never seen this one before.
A great attitude is like a perfect cup of coffee – don’t start your day without it.
For me, a lovely day is any day I wake up.
It’s a great day to be alive. I know the sun’s still shining when I close my eyes.
Make each day your masterpiece.
Every day is a good day. There is something to learn, care and celebrate.
Lovely days don’t come to you, you should walk to them.
A good day is a good day. A bad day is a good story.
Good news equals good days.
It’s time to start living the life you’ve imagined.
No matter how you feel, get up, dress up and show up.
I take nothing for granted. I now have only good days, or great days.
Even the worst days have an ending, and the best days have a beginning.
Today is your day, your mountain is waiting. So get on your way.
Start every day with a smile and get it over with.
It was such a lovely day I thought it a pity to get up.
A lesson learnt, is a deed well done. Make sure you learn something new every day.
A day is a day. It’s just a measurement of time. Whether it’s a good day or a bad day is up to you. It’s all a matter of perception.
A bad day for our ego is a great day for your soul.
A little spark of kindness can put a colossal burst of sunshine into someone’s day!
May you be blessed with lots of compassion and opportunities as you start your new day.
Have a nice day dear. Your happiness is my happiness!
Start your day by convincing yourself that today is going to be a wonderful day no matter what the odds are.
The only secret behind a good day is a good attitude.
Don’t wake up with the regret of what you couldn’t accomplish yesterday. Wake up while thinking about what you will be able to achieve today.
This is a wonderful day waiting for you to enjoy.
Wishing you a day full of sunshine.
I just wanted to say I hope you have a wonderful day.
Start each day with a grateful heart.
Today is a good day to have a good day!
May your worries be light and your joy be great.
Don’t forget to be awesome today!
Good morning…have an awesome day!
Enjoy life; expect miracles.
Spread sunshine all over the place and put on a happy face.
Life is beautiful; enjoy the ride.
Be good for no reason.
Have a ridiculously amazing day!
Good morning sunshine – it’s coffee time.
Unwrap the gift of life with gratitude.
I am grateful for being alive today. It is my joy and pleasure to live another wonderful day.
Your imagination is your preview of life’s coming attractions.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
A broken wing simply means, you have to find another way to fly. Have a wonderful day people.
To create a wonderful day sometimes takes just a slight change in the way you look at it. Be willing to let go of an old, negative way that you look at something, and look at it in a new, positive way.
I think a day in your life on which nothing bad happens may be a wonderful day, but it probably isn’t going to be the basis of a story.
Don’t count the days, make the days count.
None of us know what will happen. Don’t spend time worrying about it. Make the most beautiful thing you can. Try to do that every day. That’s it.
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
Every day is a new deal. Keep workin’ and maybe sump’n’ll turn up.
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day.
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
The world always looks brighter from behind a smile.
Smile, it’s free therapy.
Every smile makes you a day younger.
If you smile at someone, they might smile back.
Hey, I’ve got nothing to do today but smile.
Just keep smiling and one day life will get tired of upsetting you.
You can’t start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one.
Sending you lots of smiles your way, because I want to see you smiling every day.
If you don’t think every day is a good day, just try missing one.
You can’t live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you.
Someday is not a day of the week.
Leave something good in every day.
A well-spent day brings happy sleep.
Every day above earth is a good day.
